SRN: PES1PG22CS012
OpenAI has unveiled its new technology, GPT-4, an improvement on the original technology that
powers the company's chatbots. GPT-4 is designed to be the underlying engine that powers chatbots
and all sorts of other systems, from search engines to personal online tutors. OpenAI's new
technology still has some of the strangely human-like shortcomings that have vexed industry
insiders and unnerved people who have worked with the newest chatbots. Other tech companies are
likely to include GPT-4's features in an array of products and services, including Microsoft's
software for performing business tasks and e-commerce sites that want to give customers new ways
of virtually trying out their products. Like similar technologies, the new system sometimes
"hallucinates", generates completely false information without warning.
GPT-4 is a neural network that learns by analysing large amounts of data, much like Siri and selfdriving cars. It was launched four months after ChatGPT, which caused a stir in the tech industry.
The rapid improvements in AI have stunned computer scientists, and OpenAI's progress has created
unpredictable moments in the industry. Other tech companies, including Microsoft, Google, and
Facebook, are also working on their own AI technology. The development of chatbots and AI is
shifting behaviour in education and work, and they are on the cusp of changing the nature of work.
GPT-4, a powerful language model that can write computer programs and perform various business
tasks. GPT-4 is a neural network that can learn skills by analysing vast amounts of data, including
books, Wikipedia articles, chat logs, and other internet postings. Like similar technologies, GPT-4
can complement skilled workers rather than replace them, and it has the potential to create new jobs
while displacing others.
Companies like Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and Khan Academy are already using GPT-4
to build systems that will instantly retrieve information from company documents and serve it up to
financial advisors in conversational prose and to build an automated tutor, respectively. OpenAI's
new chatbot, which uses GPT-4, can respond to images, providing a detailed, paragraphs-long
description of the image and answering questions about its contents. OpenAI executives have not
released the image description part of the technology because they are unsure how it could be
misused. Building and serving up chatbots is expensive, but OpenAI plans to build and deploy
systems that can handle multiple types of media, including sound and video as well as text and
images.

Signature – Name – Date

Dyuthi Sanjeev
05/04/23

