SRN: PES1PG22CS026
1.
India's economy is likely to grow at 12.5% in the current financial year, according to the Ministry of Finance's
Economic Survey 2021.
2.
The Indian government is set to ban the sale and purchase of cryptocurrencies, according to a new bill
introduced in the parliament.
3.
The Indian Railways is set to launch eight new Vande Bharat Express trains, which are capable of running at a
speed of 160 kmph.
4.
The Indian government has approved a new scheme to provide financial assistance to poor urban
households for the construction of their own houses.
5.
India and China held a 16th round of military talks aimed at resolving the ongoing border dispute between
the two countries.
6.
Indian officials have criticized Twitter for not complying with new IT rules that require social media
companies to appoint officers to deal with grievances and take down offending content.
7.
The Indian government is set to introduce a law that will allow it to regulate online content, including
streaming services like Netflix and Amazon Prime.
8.

Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar has been admitted to a hospital after testing positive for COVID-19.

9.
The Indian government has extended the deadline for linking PAN cards with Aadhaar cards to June 30,
2021.
10.
India's central bank has imposed a penalty of Rs 2 crore on Standard Chartered Bank for violating norms
related to customer due diligence.
11.

India saw a spike in fresh Covid-19 cases with 40,953 new infections in the last 24 hours.

12.
Former India opener Virender Sehwag and India all-rounder Yuvraj Singh led birthday wishes for India's batting
maestro VVS Laxman on Saturday.
13.
India's number one golfer Shubhankar Sharma shot an even par 72 on the third day to lie tied-32nd at the
Kenya Savannah Classic in Nairobi.
14.
Axar Patel and Rohit Sharma were among the six players that were added to the Mumbai Indians squad ahead
of the IPL 2021 auction.
15.
India's very own PUBG Mobile variant, FAU-G, is all set to add a new mode to the game. Players will soon be
able to engage in team-based multiplayer battles in the game's new team deathmatch mode.
16.
Commenting on the Covid-19 situation in Maharashtra, state health minister Rajesh Tope said that the number
of coronavirus cases was increasing in the state because of people not wearing masks and following social distancing
norms.

Signature – Name

MOHANAPRIYA K L
05/04/2023

