SRN: PES1PG22CS032
Hindustan Zinc Ltd (HZL) is unlikely to pursue a $2.98 billion cash deal to buy parent Vedanta's global zinc
business due to strong opposition from the government. Meanwhile, India has assured Bhutan to step up
support for their upcoming Five Year Plan and offered additional standby credit facility to boost its
economy. Seven tourists were killed in an avalanche in East Sikkim, and an Indian student at the London
School of Economics (LSE) has alleged he was disqualified from an election over his religious and national
identity.
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Pushkar Dhami said that the draft proposal for the implementation of the
Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is ready, and Brazil will skip hosting Brics Summit next year. Rahul Gandhi
brushed aside media queries about the BJP's claims about his appearance before the Surat court on Monday
and said the real issue was who invested in the shell companies of the Adani Group.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) made a detailed presentation to the six-member
committee set up by the Supreme Court on the Adani Group following the Hindenburg report's publication.
Portea Medical reclassified its founders as "promoters," the first time the stock markets regulator has
intervened to get founders to be reclassified as promoters.
India assured Bhutan to step up support for their upcoming 13th Five Year Plan and offered additional
standby credit facility. India rejected China's move to "rename" 11 places in Arunachal Pradesh, which it
calls "Zangnan." Seven tourists were killed in an avalanche in East Sikkim's Nathu La area.
An Indian student at London School of Economics (LSE) alleges he was disqualified from an election over
his religious and national identity.Uttarakhand's chief minister says the draft proposal for implementing a
Uniform Civil Code is ready and the final report will be issued in the next two months.Brazil has announced
it will not host the Brics Summit in 2024 due to logistical issues.Amid infighting rumors, Congress leaders
in Karnataka, Siddaramaiah and Shivakumar, have put up a united front.

Signature – Name – Date

P Bindu Divya
05/04/23

