NAME: DONA BHOWAL
SRN: PES1PG22CS011
SUBJECT: STOCHASTIC MACHINE LEARNING

Autonomous Personal Airtravel Vehicles (APAVs), also known as eVTOLs, are a new
concept enabled by advancements in unmanned aerial vehicle technologies and electric
propulsion. They are intended to provide on-demand flight convenience, similar to that of
private ground vehicles, and can be used by people with no pilot qualifications. APAVs use
electric propulsion rotors to take off and land vertically, making them suitable for densely
packed urban environments. They are being developed for a wide range of purposes,
including urban transport, package delivery, and military applications. APAVs have many
benefits, including reduced pollution and noise, and the existing infrastructure can support
their operations in many major cities.
A reinforcement learning algorithm is well-suited for eVTOLs, as it is able to handle problems
with infinitesimally small error rates. The system will be trained using sensory data to avoid
collisions and maintain proper flight cabin pressures and oxygen levels. The reinforcement
learning aspect will occur when the system makes predictions on test data, with correct
predictions being reinforced and incorrect ones discarded. Safety and well-being of
passengers will be the driving factor in the learning experience, with data sets being
modified based on location and changing conditions. The weights for different parameters
can be adjusted based on their importance to the eVTOL's operation.
The key learning outcomes for an eVTOL learning problem involve developing domain
knowledge required to design, implement and maintain a system in a complex and
non-deterministic environment. This includes understanding the challenges associated with
eVTOL, collecting and processing raw data from various sensors and external sources, and
deploying a trained model that is scalable, available, and reliable. The model should also be
continuously monitored to make necessary updates and improvements over time.

Dona Bhowal
05/04/2023

